**Escape Plan**: It falls under the following categories: Adventure, Bluffing, Exploration, Fighting. It has the following mechanics: Action Point Allowance System, Area Enclosure, Area Movement, Card Drafting, Hand Management, Modular Board, Tile Placement. It supports 2-4 players. Typical playtime is 60 minutes. Recommended for ages 12 and up. Average rating: Average rated game (6.5/10.0). After a successful bank robbery, the robbers (the players) are living a good time in a little city somewhere in the world, having largely hidden the theft and invested the rest in the city business.  The thing went well, until one day when they get angry with each other and during a police interrogation they accuse everybody.  The uproar begins, police everywhere looking for everyone, as if that was not enough the SWAT also came to give a hand.  And it is not easy.  The best thing to do is to try to escape the city as soon as possible. But the thieves need a plan, a good route that allows them to escape recovering most of the money they invested and if possible all the money they have hidden.  The time is short and with the Police and SWAT at their heels, it will be necessary to pull some strings to calm them down. For that, time and money must be spent to hire the gangs of the city to create diversions. Also,you can bribe the cops which isn't cheap.  Disguises may help, but it will not fool everyone. Better still, it is to send all these people running behind the others and leave you alone. The problem is that everyone thinks the same.  Which player will manage to escape with the most money and be the winner? Or the cops will mess up the robber's plans and close the city exits before they can get away.  In the game, players are the thieves, but they will influence the cops moves every turn. The thieves move in a modular board trying to reach the best spots to get their loots and run away from the city with more money than the other thieves.  The cops are trying to stop them, moving around and messing up the thieves' plans. The players play cards to decide the cops moves, and slow down the other thieves. The thieves take actions that allows them to move, get cards to engage gangs, mules, and snitches. Getting disguises will also help them to escape.  The game is tactical, with direct conflict and asymmetric roles. Players spend action points to move, and to send gangs to attack other players and the police. The thieves roles are individual and in the end, only the wealthiest one is the winner.