**Farming For Fun**: It falls under the following categories: Animals, Economic, Farming. It has the following mechanics: Commodity Speculation, Roll / Spin and Move, Set Collection. It supports 2-4 players. Typical playtime is 60 minutes. Average rating: Average rated game (5.0/10.0). A game characterizing the oldest and largest industry known to mankind.  From the Introduction:  "This game was designed with as much reality as possible to depict the actualities of farming.  It is impossible to inject all the complexities of modern-day farming into this game, yet it does contain enough reality to be educational to the nonfarming-oriented person and at the same time provide a competitive and fun atmosphere for all.  As you play the game, you can to some degree sense the frustrations that farmers face but yet realize the real competitive situation that farming has come to be, neighbor versus neighbor and, likewise, player versus player.  You might note that virtually all the option positions in the game are akin to decisions that farmers must make.  While playing the game you will find that what you thought was the best decision would later not be so, as the real life farmer has experienced so many times.  Another likeness of the game to farming is that your destiny depends on when and where you are."  From the Object of the Game: "The object of the game is to buy and sell production as each player takes his turn.  Production is defined as Corn, Soybeans, Wheat Cows, and Hogs.  Commodities are defined as Corn, Wheat, and Soybeans.  Livestock is defined as Cows and Hogs.  Each player should try to buy as cheaply as possible and sell as high as possible as he stops on various spots around the board in order to accumulate the enough money to buy all the production that belongs on a player's farm.  Players should keep in mind that they must make several transactions in order to buy their production and, at the same time, retain enough assets to take care of the expenses that will surely come their way.  The first play to buy all production for their farm is the winner.  Each farm's production consists of 1 bin of Wheat, 1 bin of Corn, 1 bin of Soybeans, 1 Cow, and 1 Hog.  Bins are identified by colors.  Yellow represents Corn bins, Light Gold represents Soybean bins, and Dark Gold represents Wheat bins.  As a player buys these commodities, he may place them in their respective places on the board and, likewise, the same for livestock.